Chen Keruo, I came today to apologize to Mr. Li
Please take me to see him conveniently
Mr. Li has decided to cancel the cooperation
Mr. Bai, don't waste your time
Is it because Ou Yan came to the company to make trouble?
Offended Mr. Li
Mr. Li just cancelled the cooperation
We have kicked Ouyan out of the Bai family
What he is doing now
It has nothing to do with the Bai family
Please tell Mr. Li
Don't blame our Bai family.
Your Bai family doesn't deserve to be separated from the world at all
Get out of here, Chen Ke if you don't go
You take me to meet Mr. Li face to face
I apologized to him in person.
Lee will never owe you
There you go.
Chen Dazhu
You see, I also brought Mr. Li
Favorite words from Master Dawn
Please tell him
He will definitely meet me to tell you the truth
Mr. Li doesn't like Master Liming's words at all.
What security?
Dinner gentleman and minister are not allowed to let him be cheap in the future
You can't drive me away
Oh you can sink
You can sink
Thanks to Miss 6, she doesn't even know
What a fool
Where not to be courted
There are idiots like you in his house
Sooner or later